Now that we've briefly chatted about some of the neat functionality that we get
out of Spring Data JPA, let's actually see it do something.
The first thing we're going to do is delete our
implementation class for the UserRepository.
The implementation class is only required if we need to
override functionality. Our interface actually becomes our
fully functional user interface.
We're going to change our interface to extend the JPA interface.
And then it just needs to know the class it services and its ID type.
This is what our UserRepository interface becomes now, nothing more.
It extends JpaRepository, the class that it's representing as User, and the ID type as Long.